# Venray_Bloeit
The aim of this project is majorly to make it’s reader to aware of the situation which has been ongoing since a long time about the different number of shops offering variety in its product being vacant in Venray, a small municipality and city in Limburg, Netherlands having population of about 43,600 as of 2016. In the first two weeks, we were we were supposed to understand the situation and research about the city in depth i.e. understand the demographics, history, economy etc. of the city. Moving further in time, in week 3, the main focus shifted onto the figures and reports about the shops and markets held in the city. We organized the different shops according to what they were selling and accumulated the data about city centre in aspect of number of different types of facilities available, the income etc. 

After gathering all of details, we made four different user stories according to the different age groups and keeping those in mind we worked out a solution of developing an application, which will offer a brief knowledge of the city centre i.e. opening hours of stores, redirections to store websites or apps etc., events that will take place in Venray (weekly, monthly or yearly overview) with availability of notification option. Also, we would want to collaborate with stores to add discount vouchers to this app, which will only be valid in store, and a way to save up discount in stores the more you buy in the actual store.

The file: Venray app.rar[Venray app.rar] can be extracted manually which consits the final product.
